[singing voice] Aniplex.
[peppy music]
♪♪ ♪♪
Hold up.
[Mari] That move you just made,
did you deploy
a self‐acceleration spell
in advance?
[grunts]
What I did was not magic.
[Tatsuya] It was physical.
It's a martial arts technique.
My brother's learning ninjutsu.
[both gasping]
He's undergoing training
by Yakumo Kokonoe.
Huh?
Are you talking
about that Kokonoe?
So does that mean the spell
you used in your attack
was also ninjutsu?
Hmm.
It looked to me as if you'd only
released psion waves,
but did I see that correctly?
You are correct.
That was an essential
singularity‐type spell,
and all that I did
was generate psion waves.
[Mayumi] Even if that is true,
it doesn't explain why Hanzou
got knocked unconscious.
He was intoxicated.
[gasps]
What do you mean, intoxicated?
[Tatsuya] Magicians
perceive psions in the same way
that they do visible light
and sound waves.
When a magician feels
unexpected psions,
they hallucinate that their body
is being shaken.
It's quite intense.
It was this delusion
that brought about
a feeling akin to a violent bout
of sea sickness.
But a surge that powerful,
how on Earth did you manage?
You compounded waves.
Am I right?
[Suzune] You created three
consecutive psion waves
of varying frequencies.
You calibrated them so they
would converge on the spot
where Hattori
was already standing.
There, they generated
a powerful surge like
a triangular wave.
Very impressive,
Miss Ichihara.
But even so,
how did you do it that quickly?
If your processing speed
is that fast,
I don't see how your technical
scores could be so low.
[all grunting]
[chuckles]
‐ [Azusa] Excuse me.
‐ Hmm?
Ah, correct me
if I'm wrong here,
but is your CAD actually
a Silver Horn, Tatsuya?
Wait, Silver Horn?
As in Taurus Silver the Genius,
that mysterious magic engineer?
That's exactly right,
yes!
[Azusa] A specialist
in Four Leaves technology!
The miraculous CAD engineer
whose real name,
appearance,
and profile
are all frustratingly shrouded
in mystery.
Ah!
[gasps]
You know,
the genius programming pioneer
who was first to implement
the Loop‐Cast system!
Silver Horn is the name given
to the specialized CAD model
that's fully customized
by none other than‐‐
you guessed it‐‐
Taurus Silver.
It's been perfectly optimized
for Loop‐Casting.
I'm confused.
That doesn't add up, does it?
No.
I'd have to agree with you.
[Suzune] The purpose
of a Loop‐Cast system
is to launch consecutive
invocations
of the exact same spell,
but you can't use
a Loop‐Cast spell
to create multiple surges
of varying oscillations.
Though I suppose
it's theoretically feasible
if the different oscillations
are defined as variables,
but in order
to set the oscillations
as an additional variable along
with the coordinates,
intensity,
and duration...
[gasps]
Does that mean...
That's exactly what
you've accomplished here.
That's not how the school works.
Multi‐variables aren't scored.
[Tatsuya] It's processing speed
or calculation scale.
Nor are they considered...
As elements
of interference intensity.
[all gasping]
[Gyozu] In the practical exam,
magic skill scores
are determined‐‐
[grunts]
by spell indication speed
and scale of the magic sequence
as well as by the level
of your target data
rewriting strength.
[groans]
I see now.
So that's how the results
turn out
when exams don't reflect
your true abilities.
Hanzo.
‐ Are you okay?
‐ [grunts]
Yeah, I'm fine!
[groans]
[grunts]
[Gyozu] Miss Shiba?
Yes?
What I said before,
about nepotism,
that was really quite rude
of me.
Turns out I was the one
whose judgment had been clouded.
Please forgive me.
[grunts]
That's not necessary.
It was I who was out of line.
Please forgive me.
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[doors sliding closed]
‐ [exhales]
‐ [chuckles]
Ha!
Aww.
All right.
[Mari] It would seem we did
get waylaid unexpectedly.
So, how 'bout we get going?
The disciplinary committee
awaits.
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
♪♪ Hey welcome
to our special rising ♪♪
♪♪ Can you distance standby
Here we go ♪♪
[LiSA's "Rising Hope"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Pay attention
Hey what is it ♪♪
♪♪ Watch your step now ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Are you serious
No, no, no, don't worry ♪♪
♪♪ One two three ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I'm feeling magical ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I seen my hope ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
[Mari] It's a little untidy.
But find yourself a seat.
Chairman.
[Tatsuya] Would you mind
if I tidy up?
What?
[Tatsuya] As an aspiring
magic engineer,
I find this mess frankly
a bit unbearable.
A magic engineer?
But why?
You have such tremendous
combat skills.
[Tatsuya] With my skills,
it doesn't matter.
The best license that I
can obtain is Level C.
[grunts]
So, the reason I scouted you
was‐‐well, actually,
I guess I've already told you.
Yes, I remember.
However, I think that dealing
with course two students
could backfire.
And what makes you think that?
[Tatsuya] A course two
upperclassman won't take kindly
to being policed all of a sudden
by a student
who's younger than them.
Especially
a course two freshman.
Regardless, I think your fellow
first‐years will welcome you.
I'm not so sure about that.
I anticipate double
the animosity from them.
There's bound
to be some resentment.
But because everybody's
just started here,
they shouldn't be poisoned
by discriminatory feelings yet.
[Tatsuya] Who's to say?
Just the other day...
Someone told me they would
never once even acknowledge me.
[Mari] Was it Morisaki?
[Tatsuya] So I gather
you know him, then.
Yes, he'll be joining
this committee
under a faculty recommendation.
[gasps]
[giggles]
Well, well.
I guess you can get flustered,
too.
Well, yes,
of course I can.
[door creaks open]
Good morning.
Greetings, chairman.
Hey, big sister.
[Tatsumi] So you're here, huh?
Chairman, today's patrol mission
is now complete.
No arrests have been made.
[groans]
[Mari] Don't call me
big sister!
How many times do I have
to tell you?
That head of yours
an empty ornament?
I'm sorry, chairman,
but please stop hitting me!
[scoffs]
[groans]
By the way, chairman.
Is that a new face
I see over there?
[Mari] That's Tatsuya Shiba
of class 1E.
He was recommended to us
by the student council.
[Koutarou] Well...
Emblemless, huh?
[Sawaki] Tatsumi,
the way you phrased that may
have run afoul
of the banned words regulations.
In this instance,
please say course two student.
Listen, you two.
If you focus
on technical details,
then you miss the big picture.
This is just between us three.
Hattori got himself royally
tripped up earlier today.
[both gasping]
Do you mean that...
The new recruit defeated
Hanzou Hattori?
[Mari] Yes, he did.
In an official match.
What the‐‐despite being
undefeated since enrollment,
Hanzou was beaten
by a new kid?
Nice.
Glad to have him on our side.
He sure is something,
isn't he?
Who would've thought?
[grunts]
This high school
with its Bloom‐Weed labeling.
[Mari] Students are blinded by
a sense of superiority
or drowned in a sense
of inferiority.
To tell you the truth,
I've been getting fed up
with it all, personally.
Fortunately, both Mayumi
and Jumonji
of the extracurricular
activities federation know
what kind of personality I have.
So they put their
recommendations
to good use and picked people
who are relatively free
of those prejudices.
Their sense of power may be
a bit inflated,
but they're good guys
and they evaluate fairly.
So I have a good feeling.
I think you'll fit in nicely
with the disciplinary committee.
[footsteps]
[grunts]
Koutarou Tatsumi,
class 3C.
Welcome, Shiba.
Able guys like you
are greatly valued here.
Midori Sawaki,
class 2D.
Happy to have you on board,
Shiba.
[exhales]
[Tatsuya] Class 1E.
Tatsuya Shiba.
Likewise.
It's a pleasure to meet you,
too.
[knocking]
[Tatsuya] Come in.
Excuse me.
Um, brother, I...
Hey.
What's going on, Miyuki?
Well, Tatsuya,
I was wondering,
could you recalibrate my CAD,
please?
[Miyuki] Can we increase
the personal combat variations
in the restrictive‐type
activation sequence?
It hit me during today's match.
Spells emphasizing swiftness,
rendering your foe powerless
despite dealing little damage.
That's an area in which
I believe I fall short.
[Tatsuya] Hmm.
You're able
to overwhelm your opponent
with your magical powers.
Don't you prefer conventional
fighting styles?
You don't think I can do it?
[chuckles]
All right, then.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Tatsuya] You won't have
to consume your own magic.
Let me just reconfigure it.
[beeping]
[whimpers]
[computer beeping]
[Tatsuya] That's it.
We're done.
[grunts]
[Miyuki exhales]
[computer beeping]
[exhales]
[gasps]
[Miyuki] Brother.
Miyuki!
[Miyuki] It's so unfair!
Here I stand next
to you embarrassed
beyond belief,
yet you remain so calm,
as always.
[Tatsuya] No, wait.
Miyuki, hold on.
Or maybe it's because
you don't like
to think of me as a girl?
[Tatsuya] And it's a good thing
that I don't.
[Miyuki] So do you find women
like Miss Saegusa attractive?
Or do you prefer someone like,
say, Miss Watanabe?
It's just that you seem
to have the time
of your life talking to them.
You were listening?
[Miyuki] Oh, I knew it!
I mean, they certainly
are gorgeous, aren't they?
You've gotta be kidding.
Don't you think you're
misreading this, huh?
Brother, for having
such lecherous thoughts
while being surrounded
by beautiful upper class women,
you're being punished!
[Tatsuya] Self‐repair
invocation,
auto start.
Core Eidos data,
reading from last backup.
Magic sequence, load.
Complete.
Good morning, brother.
I hope that you slept well.
Did I perhaps do something
last night
that offended you, Miyuki?
[Miyuki] Oh, please forgive me.
It was a prank
that went too far.
Oh, give me a break.
[Mari] Once again this year,
a week of unbridled shenanigans
has arrived.
Obtaining talented members
is crucial
and directly influences
the power map of each club.
Unfortunately,
it is not uncommon
for this mad scramble
to degenerate
into no holds barred
fist fights,
or even magic shoot‐outs.
Luckily, though,
we replaced our departing
graduates just in time.
Now for introductions.
Stand up.
Shun Morisaki of 1A
and Tatsuya Shiba of 1E
will be joining
the patrol detail right away.
They gonna be useful?
Don't worry about that.
Both recruits
are highly competent.
I already observed
Shiba's skills up close.
Morisaki wields
a pretty mean device as well.
Is there anything else
that we need to discuss, then?
All right, so be it.
This meeting is now adjourned.
Mobilize!
[Boy] Let's go.
[Boy 2] Where should
we start today?
[Mari] First off,
let me give you these.
Also, about the CADs.
Active duty officers
are permitted
to carry them on school grounds.
You're free to use them,
and there's no need
to request anyone's permission
in advance.
However, if we find you've
abused them in any way,
you will be relieved
of your post
and the student body
will then punish you harshly.
So don't take this lightly.
I have a question.
Go ahead.
About the committee's equipment.
Are we allowed
to use that as our CADs?
Uh, well, it is allowed,
but it's pretty outdated.
[scoffs]
The stuff does seem
rather antiquated,
but it's also calibrated
for experts.
[Tatsuya] They all are.
Well, in that case,
by all means, borrow them.
They were sitting on that shelf
collecting dust anyway.
[Tatsuya] Okay, then.
I plan on using these two.
[grunts]
[Mari] Two of them?
You really are
an interesting one,
aren't you?
[Shun] Hey!
[Tatsuya] What is it?
There's no way you can activate
your magic like that.
You can't use them
simultaneously.
You're nothing
but course two scum,
so get over yourself already!
[indistinct chatter]
[Erika] Uh, could you get
your hands off me, please?
[gasps]
[Girl] This girl is adorable!
Hey, join our club,
won't ya?
[Girl 2] No, don't listen
to her!
You'll definitely like
our club better.
Whoa, that's enough!
Let go of her arm.
Hey, watch where
you're touching me!
Stop it!
[whooshing]
[groans]
[screaming]
‐ Run.
‐ Hey, wha‐‐
[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
[Tatsuya] This should
be far enough away
for you to feel safe.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [sighs]
[stammering]
Don't look at me!
[gulps]
[Erika] Did you see?
[grunts]
Did you see?
Just a glimpse.
I'm sorry.
[Erika] Pervert!
[shudders]
Well, if you really are sorry...
Then come keep me company
after this, all right?
[Sayaka shouts]
[audience oohing]
[Tatsuya] I take it you're
not exactly thrilled.
It's just that it's so boring
trying so hard
to look good sparring
and then delivering
a pre‐determined blow.
It's a staged sword fight.
It's a public exhibition.
Isn't that what it should be?
[Tatsuya] It's something
you can't demonstrate for real.
A true martial arts battle...
is two people killing
each other.
[grunts]
Got a point.
I guess I'm not invested.
[both grunting]
[all gasping]
Hmm?
[Tatsuya] Looks like trouble.
There's still more than
an hour left before
the Kenjitsu club's even up,
Kirihara.
Why can't you just wait
your turn, huh?
[Takeaki] Not what I expected,
Mibu.
Since you can't put
your abilities
on display sparring
with a rank newbie...
I thought a collaboration
was in order here.
‐ [grunts]
You're the one who forced him
to challenge you.
Collaboration, my foot!
Hmm.
Oh, but it was the kendo club
who struck first.
Only 'cause you provoked us,
Kirihara.
This is starting to get juicy,
huh?
Do you know those two, Erika?
I don't really know
either personally but...
[grunts]
[Erika] The girl's name
is Sayaka Mibu.
Two years ago she placed second
in the national junior high
girls' kendo tournament.
The smug dude
is Takeaki Kirihara.
Two years ago he won
the Kanto‐region junior high
kenjutsu tourney.
Oh, seems like
the real fight's about to start.
[Takeaki] No need to worry,
Mibu.
This is only kendo.
I'll do you a favor
and not use any magic.
[Sayaka] You think you stand
a chance with just sword skills?
You, who comes
from the spell‐dependent
kenjutsu club,
whereas I come
from the kendo club
where we focus solely
on swordplay.
Oh, you focus solely
on honing swordplay?
You're way too full of it, Mibu.
[Takeaki] I'll be happy
to show you.
Show you a dimension well beyond
the limits
of mere physical ability.
Show you the skills of kenjutsu!
[blow lands]
A stalemate?
No, it's far from equal.
[grunts]
[Sayaka] That would
have been fatal.
Your strike stopped just short
of the bone.
Now, accept your defeat.
It would be fatal.
[scoffs]
If it were a real sword.
Mibu, is that what you want,
to fight with real swords?
[Takeaki] If so
then I'll oblige you.
I'll show you what I can do
with a true blade!
[Tatsuya] Oscillation,
close combat spec.
A sonic blade.
Mm.
[grunts]
[grunting]
[gasps]
How do you like that, Mibu?
That real enough for ya?
[gasps]
[grunts]
[groans]
[Takeaki groaning]
[grunting]
[groans]
[Boy] Who is that guy?
[Boy 2] Look, he's a weed.
[Boy 3] And he's on
the disciplinary committee?
Calling
from small gym number two.
One student arrest.
[Tatsuya] Detainee wounded.
Please send in a stretcher.
Hey, what
the hell's going on here?
I'll be taking Mr. Kirihara in.
He broke the rules
and used magic improperly.
Not a chance in hell!
You filthy,
stinkin' weed!
[grunts[
[snarls]
Why only arrest Kirihara?
[Boy] Mibu of the kendo club's
just as guilty!
I believe I was clear
what crime he committed.
Improper magic use.
That's bullshit!
[grunts]
[shouting]
Now you're dead!
[grunts]
[gasping]
[Sayaka] Captain Tsukasa!
[distant grunting]
[grunts]
[both gasping]
[grunting]
[ELISA's "Millenario"]
Interesting.
[ELISA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Shape of my love ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Eternal song ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪